Remove backwards compatibility (#4485)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/gateway/index.md

### Version compatibility

> The gateway component ensures only compatibility for one major version. That means a message sent by the NServiceBus 3.x Gateway can be understood by the NServiceBus 4.x Gateway, and a message sent by the NServiceBus 4.x Gateway can be understood by NServiceBus.Gateway 1.x (the Gateway package targeting NServiceBus 5.x).

Reviewer: Is the major version of the core relevant or the Gateway? I'm confused. Especially because of

> and a message sent by the NServiceBus 4.x Gateway can be understood by NServiceBus.Gateway 1.x (the Gateway package targeting NServiceBus 5.x)

Author: I have no idea

Reviewer: Me neither. Because I read this and I was thinking if it is the major of the gateway package shouldn't then this text say:

> and a message sent by the NServiceBus 4.x Gateway can be understood by NServiceBus.Gateway 3.x

Author: @janovesk ? @andreasohlund ? Do either of you know? Or perhaps @DavidBoike since he added the [original text](https://github.com/Particular/docs.particular.net/commit/72148d846e93fb7cb0ea5907a9b15895fa87e6eb#diff-07dfcd8614218904bd9fe08bf943086c)?

> The gateway component ensures only compatibility for one major version. That means a message sent by the NServiceBus 3.x Gateway can be understood by the NServiceBus 4.x Gateway, and a message sent by the NServiceBus 4.x Gateway can be understood by NServiceBus.Gateway 1.x (the Gateway package targeting NServiceBus 5.x).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our [support policy guarantees backwards wire compatibility for at least one major version](/nservicebus/upgrades/support-policy#compatibility-guarantees). View our [supported package versions]  (https://docs.particular.net/nservicebus/upgrades/supported-versions#other-packages-nservicebus-gateway) to see which versions of the gateway are still supported.

### Storage compatibility

Gateway storage compatibility is unknown and dependant on gateway persistence implementation. Data migration is only guaranteed one major forward.

### Wire compatibility

The gateway is currently forward and backwards compatible between:
- NServiceBus.Gateway version 1.x and 3.x
- NServiceBus 3.x and 4.x
```
